 Both using technology and changing organizations and how we help people. So, financial inclusion. What is that? I think it's easier with a story than it is by telling you random words. Let's look at Vishaka over here. Vishaka is an underprivileged woman in India. She earns less than seven US dollars a month. She works for a small business that prints e-shirts and clothing. She's paid in cash. There are bank accounts, but most of the time she's paid in cash by a boss. She earns very little and as you can imagine, most of what she earns goes for her expenses. So, she seems very little. She seems little and puts that in a bank account. But, she's still trapped. She can't start a new business because she doesn't have money. She can't eat her job because if she leaves her job, she needs to find something new otherwise. She's going to be hungry and trapped. She is one emergency away. Meaning, let's imagine Vishaka has appendicitis. She will have to seek money from loan sharks and she might get trapped. She might have to bail that debt forever. Basically, Vishaka has no ability to live her life the way she wants. And this is the problem. I'm not going to tell you what the solution is yet, but let's start with Vishaka. So, financial inclusion is basically giving people access to the financial system. If Vishaka had access to a loan that charges 33%, it's not really useful for her because she can't afford it. If you give Vishaka the fanciest nicest looking mobile app, so no use to her because she doesn't know how to use it. And if Vishaka puts her money in a bank that's not trusted and like with some dodgy guy somewhere and he runs away in two weeks, then she loses all her savings. So, what you need to help people are affordable products, service channels that work for them and a trusted institution where she can trust the institution of having money. When these three things are met, you have financial inclusion. The reason financial inclusion is important is if Vishaka had money, she would be able to spend that money, much like what Kang said, middle class people are the ones who spend most and contribute economic growth. Giving her money also eliminates poverty. This is why financial inclusion as well is very important in here and near and dear to us. So, where are we on that journey of financial inclusion? 10 years ago, 50% of people had access to a basic savings account. Today, 76% of people have that and the primary reason much like Kang said is because of digital services. That's a number one reason that's contributing to that high figure. But if you dig a little deeper, what you find is that they all, a majority of people have access to a bank account, but they don't have access to lending. They can't borrow money, they can't ask the bank for a loan. If you can't ask money for a loan, you can't buy, think you can't invest in yourself, you can't start a business. So, the next big phase, the next big challenge for financial inclusion is lending. And the remainder of my talk will focus on this. So, when a bank wants to lend money, what's preventing them from lending money? How do they think? What are their leaders? How do they determine how to give money? We call this the whole anxiety of banking. There are three key things. Products, service channels and risk management can't, I think you alluded to a lot of them in your talk as well. I'm just putting a nice picture. So, there's no point in offering customer products they don't need. You have to offer them products that they need. So, what type of product does a customer want? Do they need a goal loan? For example, you provide goal as collateral. Do they need a home loan? Do they need a bus loan? How do you reach the customer? Do you do it through mobile app? Do you do it through calling them? Do you do it through agents who go and visit them busily? Number three, as a bank, how do I know how much to lend you? Can I lend you $100,000? Can I lend you $100,000? Will you run away? Will you pay back on time? These are the three things that help a bank to determine whether or not I can offer you a particular service and basically include you. So, to be a market leader, to be a good bank, you can't just do one or two or two or three. You have to do all three. You have to offer the right products. You have to meet the customers where they are and you have to manage your risk. Failing to do that, you might end up in certain situations. You might be disrupted by fake deck players. You might not build a relationship with the customer or you might end up failing because you don't manage your risk properly. So, we have worked with a lot of banks before and we've seen the ways they fail. We've seen the stumbling box. The building blocks can also become stumbling box for a lot of these banks. I'll give you a few examples and I don't elaborate too much. But most banks offer the same products, the same moblown, the same car loans, savings account, etc. etc. If you don't build products that your customer really needs, then you're no different. There's no reason for a customer to choose you. Kind of like again what can. You have so much own left. Kind of like what can't say, just because you have a fancy new mobile app doesn't mean that you've solved all your problems. I'm sure some of you have experienced this where you have an app, you try to transfer like 15 million gold and then you get a message. You've got to go to the branch and do raise your limit. It's very annoying. You have to think of servicing customers by solving their problems, not putting a brand new skin on things. So, your channels need to solve problems and not provide features. That's a key difference. And finally, risk management. A lot of banks take your income statement. They look at your credit score. Okay boom, you are eligible for 100K. That's not good enough. A lot of people like Beshaka can't provide proof like that. They don't have a credit score. So, what do you do? You need to come up with new rules that include people. So, just to summarize where we are. I've told you guys what financial inclusion is. I've given you an example through Beshaka. I've told you where financial inclusion is going next, which is lending. And I've told you how banks have dealt with the whole eternity. Now, we don't have the time unfortunately to go through everything. But I'll give you some stories of how we use technology to solve these problems. The first thing. I apologize to my friend who I'm going to, because I'm going to introduce tabernostom to this conversation. But we, let's talk about co-banking systems. This is the heart of your banking operations. Basically, it's a software that's used to record transactions, meaning you give your account balance and a crew interest. A lot of banks in the past, specifically traditional co-banking systems, are focused on giving you out of the box solutions that you can buy and install and then start using for your customers. So, very easy by selling installable. It's very good for a bank who wants to go to business quickly. But there are some problems. It's configurable but not truly customizable. Now, give you a very simple analogy to explain. I want to buy an air conditioner or washing machine and a fridge. I go to the electronics store. This guy says, I have this amazing thing that does all three in one. I would be like wow, this is great. But then I buy it, go install it. I realize the air conditioning is not strong enough. So, what do I say? I go to the guy and say, all my air conditioning to be a little stronger. The guy says, I don't know, you have to upgrade to get better air conditioning. So, I buy a brand new one. Then I say, I want to use recycled water for the washing machine but I want to use normal water for the AC. Then he says, it doesn't work like that. The problem is always when you buy a one size fits our solution, customizing and upgrading becomes an issue. So, this is why as a company, we've invested in 3J co-bank institutions which is basically not a product but a platform where you can build financial products yourself using code. I'll explain to you better understanding. Let's look at it like this. Traditional banking, traditional co-bank institutions or what we call these thick monolithic codes. It provides a lot of things out of box but it's all tightly coupled. When you assemble that and you get into a thin core, you focus on providing a platform on which you can build anything on top. This gives you the ability to create custom financial products and have a standardized way to integrate with third-party systems. So, you basically go from screen to configure your product to writing code to build your product. Now, your obvious next question is, why does it matter? I want to go to market quicker. But if your code is really about building custom products, third generation banking could be the right tool for you. When financial products are written as executable code, it allows you to customize it. You're all developers so you must know that the ability to write code is far more expressive than just configuring some doggoes. And the best part of our code is its version control, auditable, deployable. So you can create infinitely adaptable products. And of course, when you have APIs and events, you have standardized integration patterns. So you don't have to create one API for FX, one API for payments. And it's not. They all just fundamentally accounts under the surface. So it makes it easy to integrate with new third parties. And finally, as a developer, this is the thing that I like most, which is the ability to test and validate that the products I create work is expected. When code is version, when code has SAP pipelines, it allows me to safely deploy things to production, which means I can go to market quicker. So yes, it might take a little bit more time for the first product, but every time after that, I can go to market quicker. And this is why people need the intergeneration money. But you don't have to take my word for it. We work in Africa, we have some clients in Africa. We build specific farm malls for these customers. And just think about it from the farmer in Africa. They need money and start the year to buy grains to sow the seeds. They don't have any money for six months. And when they start harvesting, they're able to collect money. If you create a financial product around this life cycle, what you need is the ability to create a loan, keep their money. Start collecting and applying interest six months after, and then have four repayments. And then if there's a weather disaster, give them the chance to pause payments. Doing this in traditional co-banking systems is not easy. And it also takes time. And it's expensive because you have to work with the way you're going to do that. But when you choose third generation co-banking, this is easy. It's easier, far easier. So that's about customized products in third generation co-banking. I also want to talk about an architecture principle that is very near and near to the EGI. We believe in strong abstractions. What I mean by that is we have co-banking at the center. And then we have tightly, tightly cohesive, loosely coupled domains such as cards, payments, on-boding. These are microservices that are tightly coupled together, but they are independent of each other. And what happens when you build your architecture this way? Let me give you an example. For example, on-boding. To onboard a customer, you need three things. One, you need to collect the first few details. Two, you need to validate the right in three. Validate that they're not some criminal or you know, some anti-money gone risk. Once you realize that you can orchestrate this process from anything, it really doesn't matter which channel it comes from. So you can be the same thing from a home alert, from a contact center, from an agent app. Your domains remain independent of the channel, allowing you the independence to build many channels. And when you do that, the channels can focus on what is really important, which is servicing the customer where they are. Another statistic, and I'll just explain why building the right service channels for customers in the bottom. In Africa, a lot of countries don't have access to internet. They exist while we don't have a lucky to have 98% coverage. It's not true for all of the world. So for example, countries like Malawi, Zambia, which is where we are doing some work, they don't have access to internet. But we find ways around it. So this is actually a project I'm working on right now, where we have to work with farmers who don't have access to internet. We still want to onboard them, we still want to provide them financial services. So what do we do? Today, what happens is, I as a farmer want to know an agent from the bank comes and sees me. That's why I make information on paper. And then goes back to his branch. This is 60 to 100 kilometers away. Then someone else from the bank comes to verify that what the first person said is actually valid. And then once that's valid, a third person comes and asks me, okay, what type of long-term are you planning? As you can imagine, this is highly expensive both for the farmer and for the agent, because it's a waste of time and money. So what have we done? We built a native Android app that basically allows the agents to go collect this information, the app works offline. It collects all the information that needs to. And then the agent moves on to the next customer in between the get connectivity to internet. The Android app automatically background syncs with the cook with the back end system whenever they're in time. And the agent can hit five or six people in a day, which was previously not possible. So this allows both the bank to reach more customers and it saves a lot of ground shifts for the agents. So that's how we think of channels. We really want to meet the customers where they are. We want to make it productive. It's not just lack of access to internet. Again, much to clients this may, internet's expensive in other countries. So for example, it's not easy to access internet. It's expensive. One of the things that we've done in a country in, again, in Africa is work with alcohol providers to make access to the bank's APIs free for the customer. No customer should ever have to worry about data costs when transferring money to like let's say a loved one. So what we've done is we worked with, we worked with alcohol providers to charge the bank for any accesses made by a customer. So again, I want to take up too much time. The last part, the last part of our Holy Trinity is about risk management. Again, much like what I mentioned, it's about integrating more and more data into our response. It's not just proof of income and credit period reports. It's behavioral data. Who am I sending money to? Are they? Do they have work credit history? Do I get money in any media to spend it on? And also demographic data. So you eventually might bring from basic qualification to dynamic understanding of customers. And last thing, swells to the last thing, that's all. But the last thing is about dynamic systems. You don't have to offer every customer the biggest loan. You can give small loans to customer, evaluate their behavior, see if they're making a good financial habits, progressively give them bigger and bigger loans. So this allows the bank to evolve its risk management practices and collect more information about customer behavior. So instead of static room-based gatekeeping, we're talking about dynamic qualification with an evolution of collecting data collection. These are some of the stories that we've gone through, some of the stories we've had. It's far from complete though. Because there's more, I could talk about this for two or three hours, but we don't have a time. And at EGI, we solve problems like this. We put customer in the central of it and work our way backwards. And that's what we love to do. Back to Bishaka. So Bishaka today had the opportunity to work with a bank who created a unique product for low income wage earners. The product was specifically catered for people like her. And the bank's risk management policy was changed to basically the alternative sources of data as proof of income. It also, the way that she actually got this loan, was when agents who go to underserved communities, went and talked to her and enrolled her in a loan application. Bishaka today, Bishaka took a loan of 4,000 rupees, which was just $66.00. Now her income every month is $400 after she started her own business. $67.00, $62.00 when her original income, she's able to send her kids to university. It's good for the economy and an eliminated poverty. And that's why building good banks matters. Do you like to be a part of Stories similar to this? Come say hi to us, we're sitting like that. And that's about it. If you have any questions, let me know. Thank you. Cool, thanks. So you asked a question that I think many people already know, but not in detail. So what you think really, I am like, let back a little bit. Can you tell us what does really digital bank, competitive digital bank, and what is the benefit of digital bank? So digital banks, it means a different thing to different people, but let's say in specific context, it means where the primary servicing channel is digital. So mobile, where portal and you rely less on physical branches. It also can mean that most of your processes internally in the bank are digitalized. Some banks still do paper verification like this guy sitting in, oh he asked for this month, should I own a cable? Let me calculate, okay sign off with that. That's also traditional and there are banks that have physical branches, but are digital on the back. You can call them digital to some extent. So it really means different things to different people. I would like to briefly show my background here. It is technically from the end of service in Hong Kong. So this is a very special case for very important people like I am, a person like you, too far away here and give us a talk. So using my opportunities, asking any questions you can run to. Not necessarily now, but he is still here, so I'll take the time and do some networking and ask questions. Thank you. Thank you.